Add actiont to build a plugin and create a github release (#8)
grafana/plugin-actions: is-compatible/README.md

> This GitHub Action verifies the compatibility between a plugin's source code and the latest Grafana plugins libraries. It uses TypeScript types to analyze the code and ensure alignment with any changes in the library. By integrating this action into your workflow, you can identify and address compatibility issues early on, ensuring smooth integration of your plugin with the latest Grafana plugins libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This GitHub Action verifies the compatibility between a plugin's source code and the latest Grafana plugins libraries. It uses TypeScript types to analyze the code and ensure alignment with any changes in the library. By integrating this Action into your workflow, you can identify and address compatibility issues early on, ensuring smooth integration of your plugin with the latest Grafana plugin libraries.
```

# How to use?

> See how to use this action [here](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples#api-compatibility)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how to use this Action, refer to our [documentation](https://github.com/grafana/grafana-plugin-examples#api-compatibility).
```
